# PyNaCl_program
## Part 1: Encrypting file directory using PyNaCl

This repo consists of two sections. The first section consists demonstrates the use of public key cryptography. Relevant files include pynacl-test.py, config.json, and text files that are used for encryption. The program pynacl takes user input to generate private keys and public keys to create shared keys. Once shared keys are created they will be used to encrypt files and decrypt files. The library that is used is PyNaCl which is based off of Nacl and replicates public key cryptography. 

In this example I am looking for all text files in a given directory and given the user input, I will either encrypt all the files or decrypt all the files. The encryption keys that are generated will be stored in config.json. The purpose of this project is to better understand public key cryptography, elliptic curves, hashing algorithms, and the field of cryptography in general. It is also to understand how Ransomware attacks are carried out. 

## Part 2: Delivering a Ransomware attack

This second section builds upon the first section and focuses on creating a ransomware attack. Key files to note are ransomware.py, phishing.html, ransomware-decrypt, and ransomware-encrypt. The code in pynacl-test.py is refactored and used in ransomware.py. It is changed to exclude command line input and rather than reading keys from a file, keys are generated and hardcoded into the program. I use PyInstaller which is a module that freezes Python files into stand-alone executables. PyInstaller analyzes code to discover every module and library your script needs in order to execute. Then it collects copies of all those files including the active Python interpreter and compiles everything into one executable file. It can be used with many operating systems including Windows, GNU/Linux, Mac OS X, FreeBSD, Solaris and AIX.  

This executable is a unix executable file. Once it is created I create a downloadable link for it using Google Drives. The means of delivery for this attack takes the form of a phishing email that tricks unsuspecting users into downloading a zip file. The contents of the phishing email can be viewed in phishing.html. Within the zip file is the unix executable that will run the python script which will encrypt all the text files in the users file directory. The only caveat with PyInstaller is that the executable file will only work on the operating system which it was compiled, so if I compiled the file on a Mac, it will only execute on Macs. Once all the files are encrypted, making a similar executable file to decrypt all files requires simply commenting out the code in main function for encrypt and calling the decrypt method instead. The two executable files have already been created with PyInstaller and are called ransomware-encrypt and ransomware-decrypt. 